and well what's up with Quesada Quesada
responds to Dallas about the freestyler
well let's
see I don't know if I should rewind
the live stream a little bit to
give you my opinion again on
freestyle this one we were talking about
More than anything so as not to repeat the
same thing again no more than anything so as not to repeat the
same thing again where have I commented on it
here not about that relative I won't
be able to give you're looking at anyone who
has children in high school know that
I am a and with a head beautiful eyes the
head let's see if it's taking
dalaba you know
high school classmates a little bit there with whatever it is that I don't care what
term we want to give it
there are people who think this is
art fun I don't know Here it is let's see it
's like when Quesada you remember
Gabrielo a kiss handsome Thank you very much
What does he say Why haven't you written anything
David vival has songs talking about
suque AR nepes no let's see but David vival
let's see is that for me is art
beautiful lyrics that they are
telling you and that they are  talking that they
're talking to you about love that they're
talking to you about sex even but in a
romantic way and he told you with a
deep phrase Look, you'll see mm José Luis Peral
a song Let's see which one for example my
students asked me to never listen to
this song and with my colleagues
we listened to it at a meeting at school
and we were scared it's that it's very strong it's
that justifying everything in it's a rhyme okay let's
see and you go no And how is he And how is
he I mean here he's telling you about an
infidelity of his relative and he's
telling you in a romantic way I mean you're
empathizing with the poor man who has
felt the abandonment of a woman okay
mm slave to your kisses man giving everything of
myself as long as I don't forget that woman
okay I mean he's telling you that his
head is on another potato Okay that his
head is on another potato and and he's not focused with
any new girl he's telling this
to the new girl okay we understand no and You
read this and this is art this is art 24
hours I also like it a lot Look excuse me
if I can't find my emotional stability
I regret if I told you that no longer  we
jam you to the dan flowers the only thing
their trash songs talk about is I want you to
get on all fours so you don't get a fever
so you can bury it for me They only talk
about bronj, having
adult relationships or both at the same
time great rhymes from Spanish arica
Like for example I'm going to glacier the
donut basically powdered sugar is
white what you have between your buttocks is
in this case the donut and they're going to put
powdered sugar on it Well I think it's obvious what they're going to
do with your Gift the
quietest ones are the biggest [ __ ] ahem ahem
onas You love watching ahem ahem you're going to [ __ ] yourself
look at the [ __ ] lyrics
You're comparing this to this I mean
look at you eh You're going to [ __ ] yourself I'm
going to put sugar on the donut feel
the power of the boguet bu don't [ __ ] with me don't [ __ ] with me are you
going to compare that with Look at
this my God look at this many people say
that men never cry but I've had to
go back to my childhood once again I
keep asking myself why I keep
loving you and  you left my wounds bleeding
man for God if I'm going to
fall in love and I'm going to eat the mouth of the one who
wrote this don't [ __ ] with me man what are
we doing we're turning art
into pure diarrhea damn don't [ __ ] with me Well I
wanted I wanted to not have to
repeat my opinion about
freestyle no
this But anyway let's see what
Quesada said about the Dallas video I
can take on elter if he doesn't give me 10
subs I'll eat him for dessert and on top of that I'm going to
take off his bra if he raps he won't even make it to the
top 10 I'm the typical one who falls in the
top TR these [ __ ] better
opt for the way I rap like tote I'm praying like
totem another astral plane my brother and that's
not even Ilian astral I came to shoot
the basket now back I'm putting in
threes without looking to basket There's Dan
Flow another of the things eh that freaks me out
Dan Flow are his tattoos on his face
Eh well
anyway Quesada I love you very much and I like you
very much but you couldn't be more disgraced
Yeah with the tattoos  FL
freestyle parks do the typical
freestyle battles be careful eh I don't know about you
but to me personally it seems that
99.9% of these people do
the same cheap rhymes all the time and it gives me a
real cringe really we've
started very bad eh we've started very
bad eh they dropped the sale of several
cones to make some
pretty strong comments regarding an abuse
ch that's why they busted him well let them
finish busting him dan Flow but Flow doesn't give a
[ __ ] brother defining
battles in such a simplistic way is a
mistake It's as if I said And it's that I'm
literally going to collect the
words of people they do the
same cheap rhymes all the time the
review always makes the same
cheap criticisms and it gives me a real cringe and it gives me a
real cringe it would be the same you
understand it's a very simplistic way of being
able to define any consideration of
life I can apply it too the same it
's not that Dallas' criticisms are
cheap he always makes the same ones and it gives me
cring let's see I understand that it can give you
according to which freestylers and according to which
battles it can give you  cring me too it does
n't have its audience there are a lot of people who
consume that type of content okay
eh No There it is bad dalla there is a lot of
freestyle well let's see tell me one that
I can put an example here to
see if I like it let's see it is what I
told you before to tastes colors
you know There will be people who might think that
I who know something that I like big
brother Okay well that it gives cringe or or the
heart programs and that's it and they are
tastes okay I see it
these battles and the rhymes and all and I say Well to
me yes I think a little more like
Dallas okay And then about fitting
the rhyme by egg like if the rhyme comes out
well you say it and if not nothing you know
there you say it That is true that it is
done I mean that is true you do not take the
word you change the accent and and you
fit there the rhyme no and if the rhyme does not come out
then you put it anyway okay And then
about everything that we have commented many
times not to justify saying
any barbarity because this is free
So since it's free you can say whatever you
want no, let's see Benet je let's see okay
But this has a lot of copy or what Let's see
come on let's listen to me what's this You
always made a mistake with talents There are none
left you're in front of Buddha you
brought your pen But that won't help
because against me sweaty you'll end up in
shorts Okay, from the one you don't have left, start
thinking about patterns to throw them fiercely
sit down for a minute on six patterns of
any kind I'll throw a whole minute and of
those minutes There are none
left let's
see I respect eh I mean they're
people's tastes each one understands their
taste and their thing I do something that I
don't like and that's it I mean like you
know I mean I don't like it I don't like
okay look uncle shur likes it for
example no uncle shur also starts to
react to these things a lot of times I don't
I don't like it I don't like what do I know I
understand that you will have to have you will have to
have your skill no also and your
art to be better or worse and for
that to come out not there on stage in front
of the public I don't think it has to be
improvised no also no that's not going
No no it's not rehearsed no So you
have to come up with it on the fly
too No man, well you have to have
your art Of course benet it's crazy let's
see but this is venet and this is the
most reproduced moment
no lense de la funa you already opened me
what networks What networks We
are good we are Dori we will swim we will
swim champion of energizers this
son of a [ __ ] the network that won vet was surely
sugar-free I liked that one The Red Bull that you won that
was 0 brother Ah because you haven't
won and yours that was the
new green flavor that they released that
seems excellent there are people who
like this I think of many battles
but not all battles are Flow
cringe we understand not all battles
are about rapper because not all battles
are about saí not all battles are about
well X competitors but it's that maybe surely Well
there are
other people who watch
these heart programs that they like and
entertain me no eh And they will say all the time
that it's cringe or that the press  from the
heart is cringe Look at the videos
that come out to me recommended look look
Prince Harry has gone to see his
father I don't know what I mean it's okay or it's a matter of
taste and that's it I respect it as
long as they are not things that
hurt anyone but for example,
when they make rhymes that are like this one is a
pedophile The other one is a pedophile no as
we have spoken on many occasions I
justify that it's not that this is a rhyme it's that
the rhyme comes out like this eh it's that fre it's that
the free is like that I don't see it anymore and
when you're talking or attacking
someone who is outside of that world
you know or about Garza don't talk to me about
Fight Club don't give the ball to Pelé Ah
well I understand that that gives you cringe Okay
that's normal that it gives you cringe but not
all battles are like that there are
very good battles there are iconic battles that
I would also recommend you to see Dallas And
surely you would like them a lot the truth
really every time I hear them I say
God I feel a pain here in my chest
every time they  I hear them trying to make
new rhymes and change the accentuation of
the words it's that I can't stand it in the
language Yeah let's see I understand where it's going
but no I mean it's not a general
distic tonic it doesn't talk about systoles and
diastoles for example can kn did it
a lot I know I come a hunter Flow
because you know that right now I'm a
bird you see to bring bird with
bird which is a duet with hunter well it
changes the feeling of hunter no eh Yeah
yes and he does it a lot I break these
rappers like Flow what will he say you know I do
n't like that
either there I have to give it to him I mean for someone in the bat it's
something that looks ugly no And for the people
who are typical of battles you know
personally to me And look No I'm a
very open guy about the issue of
dissonance and that each one for rhyme as he
considers the issue of accentuation That's
why I prefer that you rhyme in a
dissonant mantic way rancio with Canción I prefer that
the rhyme is like that than to do
rancio with  song you understand here he is
right but what happens What happens that is
far from reality Because the vast
majority of freestylers do not use this
rhetorical figure that we should not forget that it is
a rhetorical figure the hisol of the
diastol are rhetorical figures now that they
remain well to taste the truth Spanish
changes a lot to say this one that is eh eh
I have the power Neither this nor this one
nothing more const I modify the accentuation of
the words so that it rhymes better with the
other words that they have said it is not
true it is not true I mean it is not true
removing a couple of rappers, that is to say who
does this normally very little is
used in the subject of the because as
unbearable it gives me to really feel I
listen to them I think that 0.1 of the times
that I have ever seen these little
rappers do their little rappers not their
freestyles react abnet Borja we have already
put Rey I do not know if
the super chat has delayed you say frey is
freestyle 1% of the times that I have
ever seen these little rappers do their
freestyles I have not felt a real
cringe  listening to them Because
also in all the battles Hi Javi do
you know where Laser is? Is it in the town
or something? I thought they were
colleagues? No, this afternoon he called me and told me he
was at Mercadona. Don't
worry, what the [ __ ] do I know? Doesn't he keep
doing his things that he does? Ahas that they do? They
use and repeat the same
rhymes over and over again. I mean, no, it's not
true either. I mean, it's not true. It's not
true that there are rhymes that are repeated. Yes, there are
concepts that are repeated. Yes,
the battles are always like that. No, not
necessarily because language is
finite too. Yes, I hear the finite language
and there are rhymes that are repeated obviously
but rarely are all the battles the
same. Chuti blon if they face each other for the
fifteenth time. Well, yes, it can be
repetitive and there are issues that fall back
on the same argument all the time, such as,
for example, calling him a drunk or
recognizing him. These are things that go on for a
long time and constantly. Yes, they
can refer to the same resource and it is
said in a way, I mean, in a
way, they say the same thing, they talk about how they are
going to benefit your mother.  99%
this is also true this happened in 2006
in 2008 the thing about the other guy's mom, well,
well, it kind of came to light a
long time ago, it was a widely used argument at the
time but it seems to me that it
gives Yes but well I think that I think that this thing
about everyone saying I'm going to
sleep with your mother is
like an example eh generalizing a
little the type of expressions I mean not
literally that all the songs
have I'm going to sleep with your mother Maybe
there's another one that says I'm going to sleep with
your sister or how hot
your sister is getting something like that no I mean the
tone and the type of phrases and the
type of expressions Like for example the one by
Danny Flow would touch the friends of
well that one apart from the vulgar
even Scandalous for the subject minors
no but damn really he's seen a couple
of battles and he's talking about the
battles and sentences in a way that
for me is a bit ignorant quite
really And look for other things very
based and I think that I attribute many other
things to Dallas  has generalized first
with the way of executing rhymes which is
the stories and the diores that
uses them very little freestylers the subject of
your mother your mother your mother it is rare to see
today a freestyler abuse so much of the
other's relative It is rare it is that they
have you of your old lady already in battles it is
done Yes but it is a resource more not the
times and by the way stories aside in
the time when it was fashionable to
tell me any barbarity some of
these infected garbage rappers were
dedicated to doing these
rhyme battles literally But why does he do
rhyme battles between quotes Why
freest of rhymes between quotes are not
freer and are rhyme bro mentioning me or rather they
fought with the other and what they did was
throw garbage at me that I don't even know it
happens to me anymore I was present there not
cool if you leave Twitter you do
everyone a favor but bro it's not
funny Because in addition you have taken have you
seen the screen not Porta versus Dalas
or rather beyond the battle resource
that ah that they put the topics  and you
have to resort to that let's
see let's put Dallas free Style or
rather and there will be a lot No here is
Mister ego's that this was like what
Quesada justified to me at the time who
was like no no but it's that Freak Excuse me
Good night Javi how are you How was
your day today I hope you are well I like your
content and you are a tall person I would
like you to send greetings to a
friend named Black rer let's see I'm
trying to find the rhyme Black Rover
okay I'm not eating any dick
greetings Black rovert I'm answering
a super thanks I'm answering a
super Thanks eh Black rovers I
ate something I ate some trolling
this no Mister ego marb This was
tremendous that I come I have all the talent have you
seen trunk like Chana I don't know what you
said about the panorama I don't know what you said about the
panorama you are a minor
yela they are not going to be called dasas damn it
is a reference caught the truth is to
recognize that it has turned out very well
But I don't know what I'm going to do I want
the writers I also want those of
How is gref yo  me me the gre the gre I
just killed every time let's
see let's see wait there's sure to be
more I'm to blame in this panorama
that there's a rapist and that he lives in
Dallas where the Dallas comans my Flow gets
excited D in Mar Salas next year I'll
wait for you at the IB evening let's see
[Laughs]
yes it's that I don't I don't understand these things
Uy the dis Track do you remember the
dis
Track do you remember this well He
deleted this this he deleted the D God This this was I was going to
report him eh the song
This eh committed vd vendetta is my
ideology debts are paid I'll send you the
receipt it's time to ask yourself why
all your exes always regret
having met you your first partner
accused you of abuse and nobody believed her for
acting helpless until it was seen on the
internet that you would hit your girlfriend if you
saw her dancing with a stranger the
second was Ingrid alima despicable you
laughed at the cancer that took her mother
God that my mother that  song eh Uf it
gives me this thing listening to it today that
piece that we put eh Javi crack yourself
a rhyme I'm Javi Oliveira weight
1.80 my name is Javi Oliveira Because my
grandfather was also called
Oliveira pum pum
pum I'm going to explain now it's that
directly Dalas was thematic its
Dalas will be thematic piece of mololo if
you leave Twitter you do everyone a favor
you can send condolences to
Piñera condolences to Piñera a kiss
Andy Thank you very much I don't know what's
going on with Piñera you've been giving me
a lot of messages lately of Oh support
this support that and it's like you know I don't understand it
and this rhyme in particular that he put up well
nothing happens if Dalas blocks you or
if you mess with D on Twitter I mean it's
nonsense At the end of the day no what I
see as strong is when they put you like
he feels things like a pedophile and things like
that no How embarrassing can you be
and how cowardly do you have to be to
throw at someone with not even
you  you're fighting only to
win the applause of the public danan Don't
think you're so important you know, I mean, this
happens to me too and it happens
to absolutely any
public figure I mean, using a resource in
this case you or I in a battle as a
resource is still a resource
that they play or For or against
just as they may have used you in a
negative way they can also
use it in a positive way within the
fiction of the battles themselves then
each person beyond the character
because Of course in this case I have put eh
a rhyme of wols but ginés who is the
person may have an opinion formed about
you both negative or positive you would have to
ask him you know but of course
just as they have used rhymes from Dallas they have
talked about chocas they have talked about
energy they have talked about me they have talked about
gref they have talked about ibai about
everyone but yes of course but the thing is that when you
talk about chocas Let's see
some that they have said about chocas the
terms are not the same the terms are
not the same damn Look at chocas
you that ended with a persuasive text
making good structures is something that I
love  I find myself falling into this
pattern man Look at the chocas and I'm going to
put it on for you I'm going to put it on for you I'm going to put it on for you it's
just Well nothing It's just that
this is a lot of pe and I'm going to put it on for you I'm going to put it on for you I'm
going to put it on for
you it's just Well nothing It's just that this is a lot of people who don't know I've been I've been rapping since I was 13 14 years old and I've been writing lyrics for many years eh I know a lot more about rap than probably all of you guys every
night that I went out in Salamanca I would start
drinking and freestyling Maybe an
hour doing Freestyle or two hours
doing Freestyle while we were drinking at a
party and then we would go party and mess around
and that [ __ ] thing Well
that I really like it I really like it
and I've been listening to it for a
long time and for me it's very
exciting [ __ ] that appearing in something so
important no I hope not I don't descend
of course I don't descend
because I put my balls my mother Tells me it's okay it
's a game mom  Tell
LeBron James that this is a
[Applause]
game,
the same term they use for the
clash as with Dallas, the same, the
same type of expressions because it's
normal, in other words, in a fictional world where they
improvise at the moment. It depends on whether
you're slandering, I don't believe it. If you're slandering, I don't believe it.
Well, let them carry out a judicial process
with the people who
dedicate it to rhyme. Let's see. I understand,
I'm not a judge, but I understand that in
a
fictional framework, because it is still
fictional, which are the battles, it's
like if you tell me I'm not going to denounce the
Undertaker because he said he's going to
kill whoever he sees on the street. Let's see,
Undertaker said it while he's up in the ring
with a WWE microphone. I understand that it
's part of his persona, it's part of the
characteristics of the Villain that he's
playing at that moment, for example, the
same thing happens with the battles, and I
also have the part about ideas that he's
tired and he must be fed up with
everyone having
thrown at him and continuing to throw at him and more.
unfairly on certain issues that we all
know Sebastian Piñera was a
former president of Chile you are talking about
things you are talking to me about some
little things that I don't know what do you want me to tell you
[Music]
i